# Salary-System
Simple project of .NET
Suppose you have to develop a system on salary disbursement of a company named ITCL private LTD. All officers of the company have attributes like id, name, salary information, total working hour, payment per hour, performance. But only financial officers have another attribute named festival bonus amount. Also marketing officer has work bonus amount as an attribute. Here, salary information have attributes like salary per hour and total yearly salary.  In this system, monthly salary is calculated for all officers. Total yearly salary is also calculated for all officers. For financial officers, total yearly salary is calculated by adding double of festival bonus amount with the yearly salary. For marketing officers, total yearly salary is calculated by adding double of festival bonus amount with the yearly salary.  Tax will be calculated for all officers. For financial officers, if the total yearly salary is more than 2,50,000 BDT, then 10% tax on total yearly salary will be calculated. For marketing officers, if the total yearly salary is more than 3,00,000 BDT, then 15% tax on total yearly salary will be calculated. 
 
Answer the following questions:  1. Write a complete code based on your class diagram and also consider the following conditions carefully. 
 
 Create all required classes with necessary properties and methods with proper relations among classes.   Ensure Data-hiding technique properly while developing your program.  Implement the concept of interface where necessary in the code.  Implement layer of abstraction where necessary.  Make a procedure that will calculate total monthly salary of all officers’ will be calculated. You must use an array of officers’ while calculating.       [Consider, Total monthly salary = total working hour * payment per hour * salary per hour]   Make a procedure that will calculate total yearly salary of both marketing officer and financial officer.       [Consider, Total yearly salary =Total monthly salary * 12 + different bonuses]   Make a procedure that will calculate tax for both marketing officer and financial officer.  Make a Main class with main method to initialize objects of required classes, calculate relevant information and show all the messages and calculated values.
